		Our thought...
1. The thought process behind making the app is to make people aware about the natural calamities and measure to be taken to mitigate it.    It will describe about the calamities in detail. And the practical measures that can be taken at individual level as well as by mass.
2. We have analysed some of the major disaster cases happened in last 10 years and come to some conclusion which is elucidated in our app.    The app is going to notify users about any such calamity which will take place in near future. The app will also share some of the easy    but necessary measures or actions to be followed in order to mitigate the catastrophe. Users will get live updates about the magnitude    and scale of the catastrophe and guidelines given by the government to be followed.
3. The regions which are prone to frequent calamities should ask the government or NGOs to provide a temporary living place so that they      can shift there as required without compromising their routine life and install sensor and alarms for their safety in the region.
4. App will keep users up to date with the latest news related to the natural disasters. App will give localised alerts of weather            forecast and of catastrophe according to the situation. App allows storm-based alerts for tornado, hurricane, flood, thunderstorm and      other life-threatening weather events via voice and push notification.
5. App provides the emergency helpline number, details of safety team if assigned, details of NGOs interested to help the victims.            Localised safety team details will be displayed on priority.
